HttpServer: Make read timeout configurable but disabled by default (#31575)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

For example, given a cdn url like `https://cdn.myserver.com` grafana will try to load a javascript file from
`http://cdn.myserver.com/grafana-oss/v7.4.0/public/build/app.<hash>.js`.

### read_timeout

> Maximum duration before timing out read of the incoming request, and closing idle connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum time in minutes before timing out read of an incoming request and closing idle connections. The default is five (5) minutes.
```

> `0` means there is no timeout for reading the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`0` means there is no timeout for reading the request.
```
